Coming up with good heuristics is pretty difficult. It generally requires a
thorough understanding of the game being played or the problem being solved.
Considering the fact that I've never played Connect Four very seriously, even as
a child, I had a difficult time coming up with anything. The most I could think
of was that you should, all other things being equal, play at the center of the
board. And close immediate threats.

However, these seemed pretty simple, and I didn't think they'd be immensely
effective. Per instructions, I persued the internet, looking for work people
smarter than I had done. Turns out Connect Four (and by extension, Connect-K)
has been solved, and people have written theses on the subject. I had neither
the time nor desire to try to understand these. Eventually, I stumbled upon a
short paper from UC Irvine. It was about five pages, so definitely digestable. 

After reading it, I used a modified version of their heuristics in my code. In
the paper, they tracked winning rows, which are described as rows where you have
at least one piece and your opponent has none. I added columns, as it seemed
like a prudent strategy. This turned out to be significantly better than a
random player, winning around 90% of the games it played. But I felt I could do
better.

To improve performance, I added threat assessment and handling to the
heuristic. Any state where the opposing player had three consecutive pieces in a
row or column was considered suboptimal. Conversely, that was a state the max
player would wish to have. Adding this to the heuristic actually had a
detrimental effect. This may have been due to the slight redundancy incurred:
checking for winning rows implicitly checks for these sequences.

A final thought on how to improve the heuristic is a pretty straightforward one
- check diagonals. However, I fear that this may incur too heavy of a
performance penalty. Simple checking all the rows and columns takes O(n^2), on
top of the dreadful performance of traversing the game tree. 90% seems to be a
respectable performance level.
